This is information regarding Hotel Alexandra. Located at: H. C. Andersens Blvd. 8, 1553 København. Phone number to the hotel is: 33 74 44 44
Bar: There is an honesty bar in the lounge. You take whatever you want from the bar (beer, wine, cola etc) and you write that bill to your room yourself.
There is no pool in hotel Alexandra.
You can buy classic Danish Design items at the reception.
Adaptors: Adaptors are available at the front desk.
Bank/ATM: Distance to a Forex Bank is 600 meter. ATMs are available at the Copenhagen Central Station.
Bicycles: We have bicycles for rent. Contact the reception to rent them.
Credit cards: We accept American Express, Visa, Euro Card, Diners Club, Master Card, JCB and Dankort.
Currency exchange: We exchange currency at the front desk/reception.
Electricity: All outlets provide 220 Volts. For adaptors or transformers, please contact the front desk where they are available.
Emergency: For emergencies, press M1 on the in-house room phone. You will then call the front desk.
House keeping: For extra pillows, sheets, towels, hangers and other basic requirements in relation to personal hygiene, please contact the front desk.
Contacting the front desk: You can contact the front desk by pressing M1 on the phone.
Taxi: There are plenty of taxies outside that you can hail. In addition, the front desk can order a taxi for you 24 hours a day. Expect some waiting time during rush hours.
Toiletries: If you need more toiletries, please contact the front desk.
Wifi: Wifi is available and there is no password or login required. Use the wifi with the name Hotel Alexandra

We are proud to be a green key hotel: Our consistent effort to reduce our impact on the environment is awarded with the eco-label The Green Key. The Green Key is an international eco-label awarded to restaurants, hotels, and other businesses worldwide. The label was invented in Dnemark in 1994. As  a certified Green Key Hotel, we are committed to meet several strict environmental requirements. In addition to environmental demands such as reducing resource consumption, avoiding innecessary waste and resource-use, the criteria for the label also include requirements for carbon-footprint, policies, action plans, education and communication.
Additionally, we work with UN’s Sustainability Development Goals as we believe that they provide a holistic and ambitious approach to sustainability We also encourage our suppliers and, of course, employees to help us reduce our impact on the environment. You can help us help the environment.

Breakfast: Breakfast is daily between 07am and 11am. You can book your table in the reception. Breakfast is very popular to guarantee you a seat, we kindly ask you to book a table at the hotel reception the day before. If you prefer a peaceful and quiet morning we suggest booking a table before 9am. The breakfast is not a buffet but you can choose different selections. For cofee you can select macchiato, espresso, cortado, flat white, cappuccino, filter coffee (with refill), americano. The cofeee is specialty beans from ozone coffee roasters in London. For tea you can select earl grey, herbal mint or English breakfast tea. You can also select freshly squeezed juice.

If you want your room cleaned you will have to hang the clean my room tag outside the door on the door handle before 9:00 am.
You can get more pillows and duchets. There is only one type of pillows and duchets.

Laundry: drop off your laundry at the reception before 8:30 am and it is ready the same day at 07:00 pm (Monday-Saturday). Express laundry service received between 09:00 am to 01: pm is delivered the same day at 7 p, (Monday to Friday) for a fee of additional (express fee)  dkk 600. Please note that we do not take responsibility for damage to buttons, shoulder pads, beads, sequins, buckles mortared fabric and the like.
Pricelist for laundry services per piece: shirts are 86dkk, trousers are 125 dkk, poloshirts are 86 dkk, t-shirts are 50dkk, underpants are 40dkk, undershirts are 40dkk, a pair of socks are 35 dkk, brasseiere are 56 dkk, tights are 99 dkk, jumpers ands sweaters are 99 dkk, shorts are 95, pyjamas 2piece only cotton are 125 dkk, handkerchief are 33 dkk. There is a service charge of 95 dkk applied on each order at the laundry service. Remember the express service charge is 600dkk. You order the laundry service by using the order paper placed in the room and handing the order paper to the reception.

Welcome to a Time Capsule of Mid-Century Danish Design Probably the hotel with the largest collection of Danish vintage design furniture in the world. 20 years ago, we started collecting classic Danish furniture. Our aim was to build a collection representing the foremost Danish designers but also representing different works of each individual designer. We succeeded in doing this, and today we can offer our guests a large selection of rooms and suites dedicated to the great Danish designers. – Jeppe Mühlhausen, General Manager. The first room you enter when you arrive at Hotel Alexandra is, of course, the lobby which is why we have put a great amount of work into making it as welcoming as possible. We aim to make the atmosphere calm, warm, and comfortable, or as we would say in Danish ‘hyggelig’. We have tried to activate your senses by playing music, at times from the old B&O vinyl record player, and by making it visually inviting with some of the greatest Danish design classics. We want you to feel the texture and comfort of these pieces of furniture in order to create an authentic experience that you will remember.

At Hotel Alexandra you will find Danish design classics in the hallways and in the rooms. We believe that this is the greatest way to pay tribute to the masterminds behind them. Some of the people we consider masterminds are: Arne Jacobsen, Finn Juhl, Nanna Ditzel, Jens Risom, Ole Wanscher, Hans J. Wegner, and Børge Mogensen and our Double Rooms de Luxe are dedicated to each of them individually. The period from 1940s to 1970s was especially important and productive in the development of Danish design. At Hotel Alexandra we have dedicated all the single- and double rooms to the 50s-60s. Only one room at the hotel is fully dedicated to the hippie style of the 70s. You might be thinking: ‘wait someone is missing’, and yes, you are right. It is hard to pick one favourite designer but the most untraditional, most colourful and dare we say most exciting, is the extraordinary genius Verner Panton. His talent deserves no less than its own suite which is colourful, untraditional, and exciting. Nanna Ditzel Nanna Ditzel was born in 1923 in Copenhagen, and before studying at the School of Arts and Crafts and the Royal Academy of Fine Arts, she trained as a cabinetmaker. In 1968 Nanna Ditzel moved to London with her husband Kurt Heide, where they gained international appreciation with their design studio.Ditzel’s designs are characterised by gracefulness and elegance. They have a sculptural expression and are at the same time comfortable to sit in. Rarely are these two qualities united in one and the same design. Her work is often referred to as modern and progressive with furniture created in polyester and glass fibre. Nanna Ditzel was convinced that chairs should not only compliment the room but also the person sitting in it. She has also designed textiles and jewellery for Georg Jensen, and she co-wrote the book, ‘Danish Chairs’ published in 1954. Kai Kristiansen The Kai Kristiansen room is presenting a selection of his finest furniture. Kai Kristiansen started his career in the 1950s, a time when Danish modern furniture was highly popular both in Denmark and internationally. Kai Kristiansen, born in 1929, grew up in the North of Jutland and was taught as a craftsman in carpentry and cabinet-making. In 1951 he moved to Copenhagen to attend Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts, just as Nanna Ditzel. He studied under the direction of famous furniture designer, Kaare Klint. This meeting and the principles developed by Klint became crucial for Kristiansen’s future work and design approach. ‘Economy, ecology, and common sense’ became the motto for Kristiansen who decided to move back to Jutland to pursue his career in a region and culture he knew well. With the training both as a craftsman and as a designer, his innovative approach and modest yet straightforward character made him popular amongst furniture makers seeking to revise their furniture collection.

The app: Our gems in Copenhagen We are right by your side during your visit with tips and recommendations in and around Copenhagen. We are right by your side during your visit with tips and recommendations in and around Copenhagen. We have developed an app for you to experience Copenhagen like a local. The app contains some of our favourite things to do in our hometown. Whether you feel like eating classic Danish smørrebrød (open-faced sandwich on rye bread) or oysters in the chic neighbourhood of ‘The Meatpacking District’, we are confident you will find a place that suits your taste. Download the app which is a guide to ‘our favourite places in Copenhagen,’ the places we love to visit and that we believe make the city a special place on earth. We have divided the recommendations into categories such as: Eating, Culture, By night, and Shopping with a lot of different places, as Copenhagen is packed with wonderful things to do. The app features an offline map which means you can use it for directions even with no WIFI or roaming. You can also choose and save your favourites for later and share the places and things to do with your friends and family by email, a text, or on social media. We often discover exciting hidden gems and new places before the big travel guides, since we live and work in the city. Therefore, the guide is regularly updated with new places that we find interesting to keep the content up-to-date. The app is available for both Android on Google Play and iPhone on App Store and has the title "Our gems in Copenhagen" will introduce you to our Copenhagen and show you what’s in and what’s up.

An Interview with Jeppe Mühlhausen: Hotel Alexandra is like a museum where you can stay and experience the history of Danish mid-century- and Danish Modern design. With its large collection of world-famous Danish mid-century vintage furniture and its uniquely decorated 61 rooms, Hotel Alexandra offers the opportunity to experience Danish design culture up close. I do not think anyone can tell us about Hotel Alexandra better than Jeppe Mühlhausen, who has been working at Hotel Alexandra for nearly 30 years. To learn more about Hotel Alexandra and Danish Design Culture, I asked Jeppe Mühlhausen, General Manager at Hotel Alexandra. We have a great passion for creating memorable experiences for our guests I believe that the greatest tribute we can pay the great Danish designers, is to use and keep using the furniture. Before we start talking about Hotel Alexandra, could you tell us about yourself ? I have been working at Hotel Alexandra for 27 years now, which is most of my adult life. During my childhood I would spend a lot of my free time with my grandfather, who was head of the exhibitions at Louisiana Museum of Modern Art. Danish Design classics were a part of our home growing up. In other words, I have had the honour of being surrounded by art and design most of my life. I am in no doubt that this is part of the reason why I do what I do now and I do it with great passion. Hotel Alexandra is looking like a Modern Danish Furniture Museum, so you have to feel like a museum director. How does it feel to manage a hotel like that of a museum and carry all of these artefacts conservation responsibilities? I believe that the greatest tribute we can pay the great Danish designers is to use, and keep using the furniture. The quality of the classics is so good that we rarely have to do anything to repair and maintain the shape of them. Could you tell us about Hotel Alexandra and the overall concept? Hotel Alexandra is a small boutique hotel in Copenhagen with a large collection of world-famous Danish mid-century vintage furniture. Our 61 rooms are all individually decorated. We have a great passion for creating memorable experiences for our guests and for sharing our knowledge and excitement for Danish mid-century design and Danish Modern design.What type of different rooms and suites do you offer to your guests? Could you tell us about your rooms and suites? What are their features? Our standard rooms are themed in either 50s or 60s Danish vintage style. Our De Luxe rooms are with furniture and textiles, a tribute to some of the greatest mid-century Designers: Arne Jacobsen, Finn Juhl, Nanna Ditzel, Jens Risom, Børge Mogensen, Hans J. Wegner, and Ole Wanscher. Last but not least our Verner Panton Suite, which is our boldest room with an orange living room, pink entrance, blue bathroom, and purple bedroom. Please tell us about your services and amenities. How could your guests spend time at Hotel Alexandra? We have a lobby made for our guests to relax. There is a library where you can immerse yourself and learn more about Danish Design. In the evening we offer our guests a complimentary glass of wine to enjoy in the lobby where you can put on your favourite LP on our vintage B&O vinyl record player. Where is Hotel Alexandra situated? What can your guests do when they step out of the Hotel Alexandra and into the streets of Copenhagen? My colleagues and I have made an app with recommendations on what to do based on the fact that more and more guests are seeking to experience Copenhagen like locals. These recommendations reflect what we like to do in our spare time and it is updated regularly to keep it relevant. The app is called ‘Hotel Alexandra Copenhagen’. What kind of additional services do you offer business travellers? All our rooms have a working desk, tea, and coffee making facilities, and good Wi-Fi. Which is the top season for travellers who want to visit Copenhagen? And why is the reason? Summer time in Copenhagen is incredible. I believe that this is due to the rough and dark winters in Denmark that make us stay inside for 4 months. Every time the sun and warmth hit the city, everybody gathers outside in every available space to be together, drink wine, dine and laugh. The beauty of Denmark and other Nordic countries is the very contrasting seasons. Copenhagen can feel like four different wonderful cities changing depending on the season.
What are the most famous attractions near you? We are situated 5 minutes from Tivoli, the City Hall Square, The Central Station, and the main shopping street. Through our guests’ reviews, we have learned that our location is one of the things they really appreciate about staying with us. If you only have one weekend in Copenhagen and are a first-time visitor, what are the best things to do in this limited time? The very first thing I would recommend you to do is to rent a bicycle for the entire weekend, which is the easiest, cheapest, and fastest way to get around. Then I would recommend you to eat at as many different places as possible, as Copenhagen is packed with magnificent eating places at all price levels, styles, sizes, and shapes. To get the most authentic experience, I would recommend first-time visitors to visit Nørrebro, Vesterbro, and Christianshavn. In addition to this, I would recommend everyone staying in Copenhagen to download our app for more specific recommendations. The website ‘Visit Copenhagen’ also has a lot of good articles and tips on what to do in- and around Copenhagen. How do you describe Copenhagen in one sentence? It is a perfectly liveable and wonderful city with room for everybody and part of the top five happiest people in the World.Welcome to a universe of female masters: The interior design of room 560 takes inspiration from some of the greatest Danish female designers. The design is a tribute to the Danish female designers from the Golden Era of Danish design. The Arne Jacobsen Room at Hotel Alexandra Arne Jacobsen is famous for an incredible span of designs, not only was he an excellent furniture designer but also a phenomenal architect. His international reputation as one of the greatest architects of his time has long been established. He drew the National Bank of Denmark located in Copenhagen among other buildings. If a building becomes architecture, then it is art. Women from the so called ‘Golden Era’ are often forgotten among the many male designers and architects. This room creates a stylish and powerful space, where the furniture can radiate the power of the women behind it. We have drawn inspiration from the slick SAS-stewardess uniforms and the Vilhelm Lauritzen airport terminal. We look back to a time where women became business women in a male dominated architect world and where the pursuit of ratifying the Danish female designers as equals to all the great male designers of the time. Nanna Ditzel’s designs range from the surrealistic to the exceedingly simple. She began her work in the late 1940s and worked through the 1990s, continuing to exhibit and win awards until her death in 2005. Architect MAA, designer, and Professor Bodil Kjær has worked with some of the most prominent names in architecture and design during her career, including Arne Jacobsen. In addition to working with renowned designers and architects from around the world, Bodil Kjær has also managed to create a name for herself. The Q- junior suite features the hotel’s largest bathroom, which gives plenty of reason to relax and to treat yourself. The tiles and colours have been carefully selected to reflect the time and ambiance like the rest of the room. The impressions from the colours, furniture and details are vast; the room greets you from every angle possible. We suggest you start by putting yourself into the Oda chair, use the armrest, exhale, and take a minute to look around and appreciate this unique and beautiful room. We would like to pay a special tribute to two amazing women: the architect, Merete Breaa, and the scenographer, Camilla BjørnW J vad. These two women have played a big role in the execution of this extraordinary room. They are the dynamic duo and the creative brain behind the whole project. Design classics from Danish female designers

The Colourful Rebel Our 1960s rooms represent the graphic colour expressions and geometric patterns for which the Danish designer Verner Panton became famous. One sits more comfortably on a colour that one likes. -Verner Panton trong graphic elements are widely used for home decoration, typically in black and white or with simple colour contrasts. Wooden furniture and ceramics are gradually supplemented with home accessories in glass and metal. Verner Panton worked for Arne Jacobsen until 1955 where he started his own design and drawing studio. He was an international modernist like Arne Jacobsen but with a touch of pop-culture. He was one of the few Scandinavian designers that broke with the tradition of producing hand-crafted wooden furniture. Verner Panton was untraditional and playful, and his interiors were meant to support creativity and human interaction. You can experience Panton’s psychedelic colour scheme, shapes, and patterns in the lounge just next to the lobby and in the Panton suite on the fifth floor. In the following paragraphs are some of our favourite quotes from Verner Panton that give an insight into the philosophy that made him work the way he did: ‘The main purpose of my work is to provoke people into using their imagination. Most people spend their lives in dreary, grey-beige conformity, mortally afraid of using colours. By experimenting with lighting, colours, textiles, and furniture and utilising the latest technologies, I try to show new ways to encourage people to use their fantasy and make their surroundings more exciting.’ Verner Panton As you probably know already, or can read from these quotes, Panton’s designs are all about colours, which is why the entrance of the Panton Suite is painted in a solid pink colour, the lounge and living room in a fierce orange and the bedroom in a deep blue or purple depending on the eyes that see it.

It is easy to explore all of Copenhagen on bike from Hotel Alexandra. Our high-quality bikes can be rented at the reception.

Jens Risom room at Hotel Alexandra — Copenhagen, Denmark: It’s no secret we’re big fans of Jens Risom here at Wallpaper*. While the late Danish designer has achieved iconic status in the US where he spent most of his career, he has been somewhat forgotten in Denmark, where he went to school with the likes of Hans Christian Wegner and Børge Mogensen. With the opening of the Jens Risom room at the Hotel Alexandra, in what perhaps is Copenhagen’s cosiest  (or as we say in Danish, hyggelig) place to stay, design promotion company Form Portfolios, who are bringing Risom's legacy back to life, are hoping to stir interest in the late designer in his country of birth. The room is furnished with a cornucopia of some of Risom's most iconic pieces including the U-151 sofa; T710 side table; and the small T539 magazine table. Some of these are still in production today, while some have been bought vintage especially for the project. The hotel’s general manager, Jeppe Mühlhausen says his favourite is the 654 chair designed for Knoll in 1942. ‘The chair is made from wood and rejected parachute straps due to war material restrictions. I think this piece is so elegant and somehow warm at the same time.
About us: Over the past 20 years, Hotel Alexandra in Copenhagen has carefully sourced a large collection of world-famous Danish mid-century vintage furniture and used it to decorate its 61 rooms. Combined with textiles, wallpapers and other period gems, we take you back in time to experience living as the design-loving Danes did in the 50s, 60s and 70s.

About us 2: As soon as you enter Hotel Alexandra in Copenhagen, you enter a magical time bubble of exquisite Danish design and tranquillity. Yet we have modern facilities such as air conditioning and soundproofing. In the evenings, you can relax in the lobby, choose a favourite record from our selection or browse through some design books from the library while we serve you a complimentary glass of wine – all surrounded by the finest Danish designer furniture. Making our guests feel at home and creating an unforgettable experience is our greatest passion.
If you’re not a Danish design connoisseur, don’t worry. You’ll be greeted with the latest issue of the Alexandra Chronicles newspaper. Here you can read about Danish Modern and how Hotel Alexandra interprets the concept.
We are just around the corner from City Hall Square, the Latin Quarter, the main shopping area, Strøget and Tivoli Gardens. Nearby you will find public transport, both metro, train and bus, to take you anywhere in and around Copenhagen.
Looking to book 6 rooms or more? Contact us at groups@hotel-alexandra.dk and we will be happy send you an offer.

Check in and out
Check in starts at 02.00 pm. Check-out time is at 11.00 am latest. Please ask at the front desk for late check-out charge, if you would like to check-in early or check-out later.
24-hour reception
Our reception is always open and ready to help if you have any questions or need anything.
Breakfast
For your convenience, we would be delighted to serve you a good and healthy breakfast every day between 07.00 am and 11.00 am.

If you have any allergies, please do let us know at the latest the day before, so we can prepare the breakfast to suit your needs.
Restaurant Ø-12
Beside breakfast restaurant Ø-12 is open every day from 07.00 am to 04.00 pm with à la carte service. Kitchen close at 03.00 pm.

Rooms: If you are in search of an authentic, retro-style boutique hotel with local charm, you've come to the right place. Filled with carefully curated Danish Retro design, the hotel's 100-year-old walls are dressed in modern Danish art and staying in any of the unique rooms is almost like immersing yourself into a living museum. Our suites are approx. 35m2 and are divided into a bedroom and a living room. The suites are furnished as our tribute to the most significant Danish furniture designers. The suites have private bath with shower, soundproof windows, safe, TV, coffee/tea maker, bluetooth speaker, and Wi-Fi. Our Classic Danish Design Rooms are approximately 25m2. The room is for 1 or 2 people, a few rooms have the possibility for one or two rollaway beds. The rooms either overlook the HC Andersens Boulevard or the side street (Studiestræde). The rooms are all decorated as a tribute to one of the famous Danish furniture designers. Our Danish Superior Retro Rooms are approximately 16-17m2. All rooms have double mattresses, 160-180 cm. The Superior Double Rooms are overlooking the boulevard (H. C. Andersens Boulevard) or the courtyard, and they are decorated and either 50s style or 60s style. Our Danish Retro Rooms are approximately 15-16m2.

The Danish Retro Rooms have a double wide bed and they are either overlooking the boulevard (H. C. Andersens Boulevard) or the side street (Studiestræde). The rooms are all different and individually furnished either dedicated to the 50s or to the 60s. The twin rooms have two separated beds. The rooms are either facing the side street (Studiestræde) or the courtyard. The rooms are either dedicated to the 50s or to the 60s. All rooms have private bath/toilet, desk/chair, sound-reducing windows, electronic safe, telephone with direct dial option (local calls only), flat screen TV, electric kettle with the possibility to make coffee/tea. Our Single Superior Rooms are approximately 14m2. The Single Superior Rooms have a 140 cm wide bed and they are either overlooking H.C. Andersens Boulevard or the side street (Studiestræde). These rooms are all dedicated to the 50s. Our Small Danish Retro Rooms are approximately 11m2. The Small Danish Retro Room has a single bed and is for one person. All of the single rooms are overlooking the courtyard, and all of the rooms are dedicated to designs from the 50s or the 60s.

Single room additional: Just like visiting a Danish design loving friend, stay with us! Feel at home in the heart of Copenhagen. All our rooms comes with a spacious desk and unique chairs.
Single room superior: Classic Danish Design. Always a place to get work done!
Twin room: Sit, work and relax, all in classic danish retro style. Private bathrooms, free towels, Natural Remedies soap and unique fixtures.
Double room: Classic Danish Design. Always a space for getting work done. Each room is decorated with a personal touch to make you feel right at home!
Double room de luxe: A. Petersen Collection & Craft and Hotel Alexandra have created a room which will take you back to the 70's. Original circular tray table in the Ditzel room. In the autumn of 2017, we opened the doors to our Jens Risom room. Overlook the City Hall Square when relaxing at Børge's working desk

Arne Jacobsen room. The Arne Jacobsen room is for us a very unique room. As a tribute to Arne Jacobsen we have furnished this particular room with a selection of his fine furniture and textiles. Arne Jacobsen’s international reputation as one of the greatest architects of his time has long been established. He was famous for an incredible span of designs. Many of the large buildings he furnished were an all-inclusive design, including everything from furniture and textiles to silverware and ashtrays. Arne Jacobsen developed unique furniture models to furnish his own buildings. For example, he designed the Egg and the Swan for the SAS Royal Hotel in 1958-60, while his highbacked Oxford chair from 1961 was designed for an English college. In each instance, the assignment was completed as part of an overall architectural solution with a rare concordance between the building and design.

The Single Superior Rooms: has a 140 cm wide bed. All rooms are overlooking the HC Andersen’s Boulevard, and is for those who love to live in the big city. All of the rooms are decorated. The rooms are all dedicated to the 50’s and have private bath/toilet, desk / chair, soundproof windows, electronic safe, telephone with possibility for direct dial, flat screen TV with international TV channels, electric kettle with the possibility to make coffee/tea, fan, and free use of Wi-Fi. Size 14m2 City View. Included aswell is included: Free Wi-Fi. FAN SAFETY DEPOSIT BOX DESK BATH BATHROOM HAIRDRYER TV TEA/COFFEE MAKER WAKE UP SERVICE TOWELS LINEN.
Standard Twin Room: The Danish Twin Retro Room has a two single bed configuration and the rooms in this category are either overlooking the side street (Studiestræde) or our courtyard. These rooms are dedicated to the 50’s or to the 60’s. All rooms have private bath/toilet, desk / chair, soundproof windows, electronic safe, telephone with possibility for direct dial, flat screen TV with international TV channels, electric kettle with the possibility to make coffee/tea, fan, and free use of Wi-Fi. Size: 15m2. Garden View and City View. Aswell is included: Free Wi-Fi. FAN SAFETY DEPOSIT BOX DESK BATHROOM TV STOVE TEA/COFFEE MAKER WAKE UP SERVICE TOWELS LINEN.

Double Room - Danish Retro Room: The Danish Retro Rooms are primarily equipped with queen size (160 cm width) or king size (180 cm width) beds. The rooms in this category are either overlooking the H.C. Andersens Boulevard or the side street (Studiestræde). The rooms are either dedicated to the 50’s or to the 60’s. All rooms have private bath/toilet, desk / chair, soundproof windows, electronic safe, telephone with possibility for direct dial, flat screen TV with international TV channels, electric kettle with the possibility to make coffee/tea, fan, and free use of Wi-Fi. Size 15m2. City View. Included aswell is: Free Wi-Fi FAN DESK BATHTUB OR SHOWER BATHROOM HAIRDRYER TV TEA/COFFEE MAKER WAKE UP SERVICE TOWELS LINEN.

Double Room Superior: All rooms have double mattresses, 160-180 cm and 200 cm in length. The Superior Double Rooms are overlooking the boulevard (H C Andersens Boulevard) or the courtyard, and they are decorated and either a 50’s style or 60’s style. All Rooms have private bath / toilet, desk / chair, soundproof windows, electronic safe, telephone with possibility for direct dial, flat screen TV with international TV channels, coffee machine with the possibility to make coffee/tea, fan, iPhone/iPod docking station with speaker, and free use of Wi-Fi in room. Garden View and City View. Included aswell Free Wi-Fi, FAN DESK BATHTUB OR SHOWER BATHROOM TV TEA/COFFEE MAKER. Size 16m2.

Double Room de Luxe: The Double Room de Luxe rooms are for 1 or 2 guests, with a select few of these rooms having the possibility for one or two roll-away beds (please contact us directly to arrange this). Rooms are available with 2 single beds put together or double beds ranging from queen size (160 cm in width) or king size (180 cm in width). The rooms either overlook the H.C. Andersens Boulevard or the side street (Studiestræde). These rooms are all decorated as a tribute to one of the world famous Danish furniture designers or to a specific decade (the 70's, for example), such as; Finn Juhl, Hans J. Wegner, Arne Jacobsen, Ole Wanscher, Nanna Ditzel, Børge Mogensen. These rooms are our recommendation for those who love Danish furniture or want to experience it! Our Double Room de Luxe rooms come with private bath / toilet, room number 448, the 70’s inspired Double Room de Luxe is with a Grohe Sensia Arena showertoilet. All rooms are with desk / chair, soundproof windows, electronic safe, telephone with possibility for direct dial, flat screen TV with international TV channels, coffee machine with the possibility to make coffee/tea, fan, iPhone/pod docking station with speaker, and free use of WiFi in room. Size 25m2. City View. Invluded aswell: Free Wi-Fi, FAN IRON SAFETY DEPOSIT BOX DESK BATHROBE BATHROOM SLIPPERS TV TEA/COFFEE MAKER WAKE UP SERVICE TOWELS LINEN.

Colourful Vision Suite: The suite is room divided with one bedroom and one living room. The suite overlooks the H.C. Andersens Boulevard (main street) and Studiestræde (side street). The suite is furnished as our tribute to Verner Panton, who was one of the most significant world-renowned Danish furniture designers. The suite is our recommendation to those who want plenty of space, love colourful living, Danish furniture art or want to experience it! The suite has private bath with shower/toilet, desk and chairs, soundproof windows, electronic safe, telephone with possibility for direct dial, flat screen TV with international TV channels, coffee machine with the possibility to make coffee/tea, fan, iPhone/iPod docking station with speaker, and free use of Wi-Fi in room. Size is 35m2. City View. Includes aswell: Free Wi-Fi, FAN BATHROBE BATHROOM SLIPPERS TV TEA/COFFEE MAKER WAKE UP SERVICE TOWELS LINEN

Collector's Suite: The decoration of this room is done by Anders Petersen, one of the best collectors of Danish vintage furniture in Denmark.  The suite is inspired by the style of the seventies’ Denmark with hessian on the walls, rya rugs on the floor and an integrated rack bar, all designed by some of the best Danish designers. In the room you will find unique furniture designed by Arne Jacobsen, H. J. Wegner, Adam Hoff, Poul Østergaard and Hans Olsen.  You are more than welcome to make yourself comfortable and have a look through the books that we have put out on the tables, and we hope that you will enjoy a relaxed and pleasant stay in the Collector’s Suite #570.  If you fall in love with some of the furniture, the art or the items of which you are surrounded by in this room, feel free to contact Mr. Anders Petersen www.apetersen.dk or go and see Mr. Petersen´s fine and interesting gallery at Kløvermarksvej. Size 35m2. Garden View and City View. Includes aswell: Free Wi-Fi, IRON DESK CLEANING PRODUCTS BATHROBE BATHROOM HAIRDRYER SHOWER SLIPPERS TOILET TELEPHONE TV TEA/COFFEE MAKER.

Q Junior Suite: Welcome to a Women’s Universe!  The interior design of the Q Junior Suite takes inspiration from some of the greatest Danish female designers. The room is a tribute to the Danish female designers, from the golden era of Danish design and features pieces by Nanna Ditzel, Bodil Kjær as well as Tove Kindt-Larsen.  The Q Junior Suite features the Hotel’s largest bathroom, which gives both men and women plenty of reason to relax and treat themselves. The tiles and colours, have been carefully selected to reflect the time and ambiance of the remaining room. Soundproofing in the room. City View. Includes aswell: Free Wi-Fi, FAN HEATING IRON SAFETY DEPOSIT BOX SOFA SEATING AREA WOODEN / PARQUET FLOOR DESK BATH BATHTUB OR SHOWER BATHROBE BATHROOM FREE TOILETRIES HAIRDRYER SHOWER SLIPPERS TOILET FLAT-SCREEN TV TELEPHONE TV ELECTRIC KETTLE TEA/COFFEE MAKER COFFEE MACHINE WAKE UP SERVICE TOWELS LINEN